In that last practice phase, you were searching between 32 objects on the screen, just like this.
We've had a lot of people take this study, and most people would agree that 32 is about a medium level of difficulty. As you add more objects to this display, the search becomes more difficult, and as you take objects away, the search becomes easier.
Throughout the rest of the experiment, you're going to be making choices between options on the screen like this. The D key selects the left option, the F key selects the right option.
You'll be seeing these numbers displayed in either a red or green font with plus or minus signs next to them.
These numbers tell you on the next search trial, how many objects, more or fewer than 32 will you be seeing. Remember 32 is like that medium difficulty baseline.
So here we see plus four that means four more objects than 32. Here's minus 27, that means 27 fewer objects than 32, so that'll be quite an easy search, and plus 27 will be quite a difficult search.
You also see these numbers, these percentages, displayed in the parentheses. Those numbers tell you if you select one of the options what's the probability that
one of these outcomes gets realized so, for example, if I select the left option here, there's a 20% chance that i'll see 4 more objects than 32 on that trial, and there's an 80% chance that I'll see 27 objects fewer than 32 on that trial.
The option that gets selected is highlighted in yellow so you know which one you got.
These numbers update, all of them on every trial, so it's important to really pay close attention to these numbers, so that you can select the best option.
When you're ready to begin the next phase of the experiment, you can press on the button on the lower right hand side of the screen to begin.